Summer school page update (#20)
haam-community/haam-community.github.io: projects/haam_summer_school.md

---
layout: page
title: HAAM-Summer School
sidebar_link: true
---

> The first edition of the HAAM-Summer School will be taking place in the dates **17-19 June 2024** (still to be confirmed!). The format will be online, and entrance will be free!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first edition of the HAAM-Summer School will be taking place in the dates **17-19 June 2024** (still to be confirmed!). The format will be online. Attendance will be free, but the number of attendees is capped!
```
